Add document index and cluster level delayed allocation timeout setting (#12745)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/cluster-settings.md

- `cluster.routing.allocation.node_initial_primaries_recoveries` (Dynamic, integer): Sets the number of recoveries for unassigned primaries after a node restart. Default is `4`. 

> - `cluster.routing.allocation.unassigned.node_left.delayed_timeout` (Dynamic, time unit): Sets the default amount of time OpenSearch waits before allocating a replica shard that became unassigned because a node left the cluster. This helps avoid unnecessary shard recoveries during rolling upgrades, node restarts, and transient network failures. This setting applies when the index-level `index.unassigned.node_left.delayed_timeout` setting is not configured. Set to `0` to skip the delayed-allocation wait for indexes that don't set their own value. Default is `1m`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster.routing.allocation.unassigned.node_left.delayed_timeout` (Dynamic, time unit): Sets the default amount of time OpenSearch waits before allocating a replica shard that became unassigned after a node leaves the cluster. Delaying allocation helps avoid unnecessary shard recoveries during rolling upgrades, node restarts, and transient network failures. This setting applies only to indexes for which the index-level `index.unassigned.node_left.delayed_timeout` setting is not configured. Set to `0` to disable delayed allocation for indexes that use the cluster default. Default is `1m`.
```
